README.md, before:

# Search
[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=connexta/ion-search)](https://dependabot.com)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/connexta/ion-search/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/connexta/ion-search)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/connexta/ion-search/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/connexta/ion-search/tree/master)

## Prerequisites
* Java 11
* Docker daemon

## Working with IntelliJ or Eclipse
This repository uses [Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/), which requires additional configurations and plugins to work in IntelliJ/Eclipse.
Follow the instructions [here](https://www.baeldung.com/lombok-ide) to set up your IDE.

## Building
To just compile and build the projects:
```bash
./gradlew assemble
```
To do a full build with tests and the formatter:
```bash
./gradlew build
```

### Build Checks
#### OWASP
```bash
./gradlew dependencyCheckAnalyze --info
```
The report for each project can be found at build/reports/dependency-check-report.html.

#### Style
The build can fail because the static analysis tool, Spotless, detects an issue. To correct most Spotless issues:
```bash
./gradlew spotlessApply
```

For more information about spotless checks see
[here](https://github.com/diffplug/spotless/tree/master/plugin-gradle#custom-rules).

#### Tests
* Tests are run automatically with `./gradlew build`.
* To skip all tests, add `-x test`.
* Even if the tests fail, the artifacts are built and can be run.
* To change logging to better suit parallel builds pass `-Pparallel` or the `--info` flag
* To run a single test suite:
    ```bash
    ./gradlew test --tests TestClass
    ```

##### Integration Tests
* The integration tests require a Docker daemon.
* To skip integration tests, add `-PskipITests`.

## Running
### Configuring
1. The service can be configured with an external configuration file that will be applied to the docker container during deployment.
    The configuration YAML file can be found at `<PROJECT_ROOT>/configs/search_config.yml` and is not version-controlled.
    The properties in this file will be merged with any properties that you have configured in the service.
    The properties in the external config file take precedence over config files that are built with the service.

    Example configs/search_config.yml:
    ```yaml
    endpointUrl:
      productRetrieve: http://localhost:9041/mis/product/
    ```

2. A Docker network named `cdr` is needed to run via docker-compose.

    Determine if the network already exists:
    ```bash
    docker network ls
    ```
    If the network exists, the output includes a reference to it:
    ```bash
    NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER              SCOPE
    zk0kg1knhd6g        cdr                 overlay             swarm
    ```
    If the network has not been created:
    ```bash
    docker network create --driver=overlay --attachable cdr
    ```

### Running Locally via `docker stack`
```bash
docker stack deploy -c docker-compose.yml search-stack
```

#### Helpful `docker stack` Commands
* To stop the Docker service:
    ```bash
    docker stack rm search-stack
    ```
* To check the status of all services in the stack:
    ```bash
    docker stack services search-stack
    ```
* To stream the logs to the console for a specific service:
    ```bash
    docker service logs -f <service_name>
    ```

### Running in the Cloud
There are two ways to configure the build system to deploy the service to a cloud:
- Edit the `deploy.bash` file. Set two variables near the top of the file:
  - `SET_DOCKER_REG="ip:port"`
  - `SET_DOCKER_W="/path/to/docker/wrapper/"`

OR

- Avoid editing a file in source control by exporting values:
    ```bash
    export DOCKER_REGISTRY="ip:port"
    export DOCKER_WRAPPER="/path/to/docker/wrapper/"
    ```

After configuring the build system:
```bash
./gradlew deploy
```

## Using
### Querying
The Search service can be queried for Products. See [Query Service API](https://github.com/connexta/ion-query-api) for information about paths and parameters
The Search service supports the OGC Catalogue Common Query Language (OGC CommonQL).
See [Annex B - BNF Definition of OGC CommonQL](http://docs.opengeospatial.org/is/12-168r6/12-168r6.html#62) for the definition of the grammar.

The following are valid query attributes:

| Attribute | Description  |
|---|---|
| `id` | The unique ID that is associated with each Product |
| `contents` | A client can perform keyword queries with this attribute. |

### Inspecting
The service is deployed with (Springfox) **Swagger UI**.
This library uses Spring Boot annotations to create documentation for the service endpoints.
The `/swagger-ui.html` endpoint can be used to view Swagger UI.
The service is also deployed with Spring Boot Actuator.
The `/actuator` endpoint can be used to view the Actuator.

Commit message:

Added media type as search term (#37)

README.md, after:

# Search
[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=connexta/ion-search)](https://dependabot.com)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/connexta/ion-search/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/connexta/ion-search)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/connexta/ion-search/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/connexta/ion-search/tree/master)

## Prerequisites
* Java 11
* Docker daemon

## Working with IntelliJ or Eclipse
This repository uses [Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/), which requires additional configurations and plugins to work in IntelliJ/Eclipse.
Follow the instructions [here](https://www.baeldung.com/lombok-ide) to set up your IDE.

## Building
To just compile and build the projects:
```bash
./gradlew assemble
```
To do a full build with tests and the formatter:
```bash
./gradlew build
```

### Build Checks
#### OWASP
```bash
./gradlew dependencyCheckAnalyze --info
```
The report for each project can be found at build/reports/dependency-check-report.html.

#### Style
The build can fail because the static analysis tool, Spotless, detects an issue. To correct most Spotless issues:
```bash
./gradlew spotlessApply
```

For more information about spotless checks see
[here](https://github.com/diffplug/spotless/tree/master/plugin-gradle#custom-rules).

#### Tests
* Tests are run automatically with `./gradlew build`.
* To skip all tests, add `-x test`.
* Even if the tests fail, the artifacts are built and can be run.
* To change logging to better suit parallel builds pass `-Pparallel` or the `--info` flag
* To run a single test suite:
    ```bash
    ./gradlew test --tests TestClass
    ```

##### Integration Tests
* The integration tests require a Docker daemon.
* To skip integration tests, add `-PskipITests`.

## Running
### Configuring
1. The service can be configured with an external configuration file that will be applied to the docker container during deployment.
    The configuration YAML file can be found at `<PROJECT_ROOT>/configs/search_config.yml` and is not version-controlled.
    The properties in this file will be merged with any properties that you have configured in the service.
    The properties in the external config file take precedence over config files that are built with the service.

    Example configs/search_config.yml:
    ```yaml
    endpointUrl:
      productRetrieve: http://localhost:9041/mis/product/
    ```

2. A Docker network named `cdr` is needed to run via docker-compose.

    Determine if the network already exists:
    ```bash
    docker network ls
    ```
    If the network exists, the output includes a reference to it:
    ```bash
    NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER              SCOPE
    zk0kg1knhd6g        cdr                 overlay             swarm
    ```
    If the network has not been created:
    ```bash
    docker network create --driver=overlay --attachable cdr
    ```

### Running Locally via `docker stack`
```bash
docker stack deploy -c docker-compose.yml search-stack
```

#### Helpful `docker stack` Commands
* To stop the Docker service:
    ```bash
    docker stack rm search-stack
    ```
* To check the status of all services in the stack:
    ```bash
    docker stack services search-stack
    ```
* To stream the logs to the console for a specific service:
    ```bash
    docker service logs -f <service_name>
    ```

### Running in the Cloud
There are two ways to configure the build system to deploy the service to a cloud:
- Edit the `deploy.bash` file. Set two variables near the top of the file:
  - `SET_DOCKER_REG="ip:port"`
  - `SET_DOCKER_W="/path/to/docker/wrapper/"`

OR

- Avoid editing a file in source control by exporting values:
    ```bash
    export DOCKER_REGISTRY="ip:port"
    export DOCKER_WRAPPER="/path/to/docker/wrapper/"
    ```

After configuring the build system:
```bash
./gradlew deploy
```

## Using
### Querying
The Search service can be queried for Products. See [Query Service API](https://github.com/connexta/ion-query-api) for information about paths and parameters
The Search service supports the OGC Catalogue Common Query Language (OGC CommonQL).
See [Annex B - BNF Definition of OGC CommonQL](http://docs.opengeospatial.org/is/12-168r6/12-168r6.html#62) for the definition of the grammar.

The following are valid query attributes:

| Attribute | Description  |
|---|---|
| `id` | The unique ID that is associated with each Product |
| `contents` | A client can perform keyword queries with this attribute. |
| `media_type` | The media (MIME) type of the Product |

### Inspecting
The service is deployed with (Springfox) **Swagger UI**.
This library uses Spring Boot annotations to create documentation for the service endpoints.
The `/swagger-ui.html` endpoint can be used to view Swagger UI.
The service is also deployed with Spring Boot Actuator.
The `/actuator` endpoint can be used to view the Actuator.
